Added Karsten Meyerzuselhausen to acknowledgements section (#74)
oauth-wg/oauth-cross-device-security: draft-ietf-oauth-cross-device-security.md

To address these attacks, we propose a three pronged approach that includes the deployment of practical mitigations to safeguard protocols that are already deployed, provide guidance on when to use different protocols, including protocols that are not susceptible to these attacks, and the introduction of formal methods to evaluate the impact of mitigations and find additional issues.

# Contributors

> The authors would like to thank Tim Cappalli, Nick Ludwig, Adrian Frei, Nikhil Reddy Boreddy, Bjorn Hjelm, Joseph Heenan, Brian Campbell, Damien Bowden, Kristina Yasuda, Tim Würtele, Karsten Meyerzuselhausen and others (please let us know, if you've been mistakenly omitted) for their valuable input, feedback and general support of this work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authors would like to thank Tim Cappalli, Nick Ludwig, Adrian Frei, Nikhil Reddy Boreddy, Bjorn Hjelm, Joseph Heenan, Brian Campbell, Damien Bowden, Kristina Yasuda, Tim Würtele, Karsten Meyer zu Selhausen and others (please let us know, if you've been mistakenly omitted) for their valuable input, feedback and general support of this work.
```
